.TH Example 4 "" "" Mikenet
.SH NAME
Example
.SH SYNOPSIS

#include <mikenet/simulator.h>

structure defined in file example.h

  typedef struct {
   float prob;
   char *name;
   int index;
   int time;
   Real ***inputs;   /* indexed by group, time, unit */
   Real ***targets;
  } Example;

.SH DEFINITION
An example holds a single training example; a set of bindings over time and groups for clamped inputs and targets.

The structure is memory efficient; if an example is declared in an example file with a range for ticks, such as 

[0-5] 1 -1

then only one array will be created for that group and those ticks, and the pointer to that array will be *shared* among those times.  This is important; if you algorithmically change one element for one tick in this condition, then *all* ticks get changed, because the memory is shared.  Furthermore, if an input is not specified for a given group, that whole pointer is null, and if one isn't specified for a given tick, that whole pointer is null.  

To allow algorithmic manipulation of these structures, use copy_example(2) and create_example(2) which work with memory-fat structures; each cell in time and space is used.

The value of -500 is used as a flag for 'don't care' or 'unspecified' clamps or targets.  If a value is less than -500, it is taken to be a don't care.
.SS Members
.P
.C name
The name of the example.  This is the contents of the 'tag' field.
.P
.C prob
The probability of presentation for this example.
.P
.C index
An internal index to identify the example.
.P
.C time
The max number of ticks specified for this example.
.P
.C inputs
A 3d array, indexed by group index, then time and then by unit number.  These are the activation clamps.
.P
.C targets
Same as inputs, but specifies targets for training.

.SH See Also
create_example(2), copy_example(2), load_examples(3)

