.TH MIKENET 1 "January 18, 1996" "\(co 1995 Michael Harm" "Mikenet" "Mikenet Users manual"
.SH NAME
mikenet \- Neural Network simulation library
.SH DESCRIPTION
Mikenet is a library and collection of header files used to create
neural network simulations in the 'c' programming language.  Its
strict ansi-c, and should as such be totally portable (?) to 
any ansi-c aware platform.  It has been successfully compiled on
Intel x86 hardware (under Linux, with gcc), Macintosh and Power Macintosh
under Codewarrior, and UN*X machines from Sun, HP, 
DEC, SGI, IBM (SP2), and Convex.
.SH USAGE
To use mikenet on a unix machine, you must have an environment variable
MIKENET_DIR defined.  It must point to a mikenet source tree and version 
number.  
A typical mikenet installation consists of a directory 
entitled "mikenet", with subdirectories corresponding to differing versions.
Two symbolic links generally exist: one for 'default' which
points to the default production version directory, and one for 'devel'
which points to the directory undergoing development.
Within each version subdirectory, there are directories for 'src', 'include', 
'lib' and 'man', as well as a 'demos' subdirectory.  The MIKENET_DIR variable 
should be set to one of the version directories.   
.P
Example:
.P
setenv MIKENET_DIR ~mharm/mikenet/default/
.P
This statement would go in the bottom of your .cshrc file if your shell
is 'csh' or its ilk.
.P
.SH SEE ALSO
load_examples(3)
mikenet_stats(1)
Group(4)
Net(4)
Example(4)
Connections(4)
connect_groups(2)
create_example(2)
copy_example(2)


